Recommend DNS Labels for workload controller names (#38499)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

recommended in a production cluster.
{{< /caution >}}

> When the control plane creates new Pods for a CronJob, the `.metadata.name` of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the control plane creates new Jobs and (indirectly) new Pods for a CronJob,
the `.metadata.name` of the
```
?

Author: ACK

CronJob is part of the basis for naming those Pods.  The name of a CronJob must be a valid
[DNS subdomain](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-subdomain-names)
value, but this can produce unexpected results for the Pod hostnames.  For best compatibility,
the name should follow the more restrictive rules for a
[DNS label](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names#dns-label-names).
Even when the name is a DNS subdomain, the name must be no longer than 52
characters.  This is because the CronJob controller will automatically append

> 11 characters to the job name provided and there is a constraint that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11 characters to the name you provide, and there is a constraint that the
```

Author: ACK
